plugins/modules/rubrik_add_vcenter.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_assign_physical_host_fileset.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_assign_sla.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_aws_s3_cloudout.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_bootstrap.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_cluster_version.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_configure_cluster_location.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_configure_ntp.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_configure_smtp_settings.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_configure_timezone.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_create_sla.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_dns_servers.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_end_user_authorization.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_get.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_get_sql_live_mount.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_get_vsphere_live_mount.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_get_vsphere_live_mount_names.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_job_status.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_login_banner.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_managed_volume.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_nas_fileset.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_on_demand_snapshot.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_physical_fileset.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_physical_host.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_post.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_refresh_vcenter.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_sql_live_mount.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_sql_live_unmount.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_vsphere_instant_recovery.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_vsphere_live_mount.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/rubrik_vsphere_live_unmount.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added

tests/unit/test_rubrik_add_organization_protectable_object_mssql_server_host.py pep8:E501
tests/unit/test_rubrik_add_organization_protectable_object_sql_server_availability_group.py pep8:E501
tests/unit/test_rubrik_add_organization_protectable_object_sql_server_db.py pep8:E501